<!--t License Manager, a service made for organizations using Phaser Editor 2D t-->
<!--d Now organizations (of all sizes) can generate and manage their own Phaser Editor 2D licenses. d-->
<!--tag license manager,license tag-->
<!--image https://phasereditor2d.com/blog/content/images/20221213115018-license-manager.jpeg image-->

Hi

Let's welcome the new [Phaser Editor 2D License Manager](https://licmanager.phasereditor2d.com)!

This service allows organizations to generate and manage their own licenses. Before, we supported organizations (educational institutions, businesses, game dev studios) by providing discounts or a shared license. Especially, the Enterprise tier of the [Phaser Editor 2D Backers membership](http://fornaris.gumroad.com/l/phasereditor-backers) includes a license key that you can share with all your team.

However, this is not an optimal scheme for us and neither for organizations. Sharing the license keys across multiple developers (including external/temporal developers) may cause a leak of the licenses that may create troubles, because license keys are personal.

With the new License Manager, I can provide much more flexibility in licensing the editor. Let's see some use cases:

* You are an educational institution, and I want to support you and provide Phaser Editor 2D for free for your teachers and students. I open an account for you then you can generate the license keys you need.

*By the way, all licenses generated by the License Manager are valid only for six months. However, you can always generate more licenses.*

* You are a business and want to outsource the development of some games. You can contact us and agree on a price for getting access to the License Manager and generating your own licenses for the team you are hiring.

* You are a member of the Enterprise plan of the [Phaser Editor 2D Backers program](http://fornaris.gumroad.com/l/phasereditor-backers). Instead of sharing your license key with the temporal developers, you can generate license keys for them.

Until now, the way to get access to the License Manager is by contacting me at <code>developers@phasereditor2d.com</code>. It doesn't matter the kind of business or project you have.

Keep in contact!

Arian
